[MUSIC]
Now with inputs in Python, this is where
one of
the major changes has happened, between
Python 2.7 and Python 3.
So if you're using anything lower than
Python 3.0, then you'll
need to, first listen to the first half of
this video.
And if you load using Python 3 and
onwards, you
need to listen to the second half of this
video.
So the first half is, that if you
are using Python 2.7 or any version below
Python
3, then you need to use an, a, a function
called raw input to get the input.
And this takes one prompter which is the
prompt.
Now the prompt is whatever you have out,
want to have outputted towards the user.
Now, the problem with raw input is that
it's no longer a function within Python 3.
And so you, if you were to change your
code toward Python 3, it would no longer
work.
Now, there is a function called Input.
However this allows the code which
somebody
actually writes, to be able to be
executed.
If it were to insert a said data, a
certain type of code which is
Python, which Python, which can be read by
Python, it will get run by Python.
Which is obviously a quite large security
flaw.
And the only way you, you can get around
that, is to use the raw input.
Now, if you're are using Python 3, you
have the actual function of input, however
it
no longer uses the evaluation function
which will
utterly run whatever code they put into
it.
If you want that functionality to be
available, you have to put eval around
Python.
Around the input function, and that will
run whatever code they put into it.
However, most of the time, you aren't
looking to do anything like that.
So, if you are using Python 3, you can
simply use the
input function, which is what you should
be able to do, just do.
If you are using Python 2.7, I would
recommend that
you upgrade to Python 3 cuz it is much
more secure.
So, now, if we're going to create a print
function.
All we need to do is just output two
lines, and then we'll do a prompt.
And this is just to get somebody to press
cont press any key to continue.
So the first output will be something
like.
[SOUND] something like, hello Alex, and
then I'll
just do a, a final one saying thank you.
Now, in the between here, we're going to
do an input.
Now with the input, it takes one parameter
which is the prompt.
So the prompt I'm going to do is press any
key to continue.
[SOUND] And now if we run this, you'll see
at the bottom where you get the first two
lines.
However, the third line isn't showing,
because the prompt
has not been, because the input hasn't
been given.
Now, press any key to continue.
If I press Enter, you see that we now get
the thank you, which is
what you'd expect to happen, which is how
it press any key to continue, works.
Is, it takes whatever value you press, and
it just runs it to the next one.
Runs you to the next line.
Now, this is something which you will use
quite often within Python.
As well as what we're going to cover in
the next video, which is receiving a data
input.
So I'll see you in the next video, and
thank you for watching.
[MUSIC]